Ashenzari reforge (#1736)
crawl/crawl: crawl-ref/source/dat/descript/gods.txt

Ashenzari powers

Ashenzari exhorts followers to garb themselves with curses, and appreciates
using cursed armour, jewellery or weapons. Ashenzari will passively grant
followers increased skills depending on how cursed they are by equipment
associated with those skills, and will reveal the invisible and grant clarity

> of mind. The truly devout will gain a fragment of Ashenzari's astral sight and
> see through walls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of mind. The truly devout will gain a fragment of Ashenzari's astral sight, letting
them see through walls.
```
